Ah-ha.
Haha, hello, this is
Master Lu, are you alright?
You are really clever
If it weren't for you
I'm so miserable tonight
It's okay, thank you
It should be my tiger Wang who said thank you.
If it weren't for your clever plan
I have to have an accident at the construction site today
You asked me to buy the French team with you
I really made a big profit
And you account for at least 36 million
I can bring you a bag.
When do you need me to know you?
Just deposit it in the bank for me.
Right.
The whole night will be yours after Weiyang
No need for this night Weiyang
In this hard-working hand
I don't know how much I've done
Maybe not.
Gee, what a nice place this is
The second sister likes it, but we don't think it's okay.
Since my sister likes it, I will give it to you, that's it.
In the next few days, I must speed up my life a lot
Especially firefighters
Did you delete something again sir?
This hall is already level 2
I can't let him burn down like his previous life
A fire broke out in Weiyang Dance Hall yesterday night
Multiple casualties
It involves a foreign border trader, Anna
The details are still under investigation.
Hi beautiful woman I can ask you to stay for a while
I'm not in the mood right now
No no no what are you doing
Your name is Anna, right?
Who are you? How do you know my name?